How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

	The bug was only in one the new file

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Understanding the changes for each revision is helpful

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pro of manual commit is that you can review changes before they are saved.
    The con of manual commit is that you might forget to save changes and it's less convenient

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Batch processing is always more efficient, if the files are not interdependent

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By typing them into the Bash

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    version control allows for an immediate rollback of changes to a known previous system state

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Creating websites

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

	You can use versions to identify specific changes in code

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	Pros-you can fine tune the commits with custom explanations
	Cons-None

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

	Multiple files saved in one commit allow for a version cohesiveness between system files that are functionally interdependent

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git log shows an index of commits with descriptions
	git diff show the line delta between 2 commits in the repository

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	I can revert back to any instance of system files that I choose too.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

	For maintaining revisions for coding projeccts
